Monotype Typography Inc. specializes in providing software and hardware
developers with fonts that are engineered for a high degree of legibility on
screen and in print. Monotype, the creator of Arial, Times New Roman and
many other world-renowned fonts, also has a complete multilingual font
library covering all of  the world's languages. Our type engineering skills,
large font library and our flexibility are the reasons Monotype is the font
provider to leading developers worldwide.

The fonts provided with this book or on this web site are for demonstration
purposes only. They are NOT freeware or shareware and are NOT licensed for
any further distribution. Please read over and agree to the terms of the end
user license agreement below before installing and using the Monotype fonts.
To learn more about Monotype and our font products and services visit our
web site at http://www.monotype.com or call us at 800-666-6897.

MONOTYPE TYPOGRAPHY INC.
END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT

THIS IS A BINDING CONTRACT. BY USING OR DOWNLOADING OR PERMITTING SOMEONE
ELSE TO USE OR DOWNLOAD THE SOFTWARE PRODUCT WHICH ACCOMPANIES THIS
CONTRACT, YOU AGREE TO ALL OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS SET FORTH BELOW. IF
YOU DO NOT WISH TO BE BOUND BY SUCH TERMS AND CONDITIONS, YOU CANNOT USE OR
DOWNLOAD THE SOFTWARE PRODUCT NOR PERMIT ANYONE ELSE TO USE OR DOWNLOAD IT.

This package contains software ("Software") and related documentation
("Documentation"). The term "Software" includes both "Application Software"
and "Font Software" as defined below and means the machine readable software
programs and associated files, and includes any upgrades, modified versions
and copies of the Software licensed to you by Monotype Typography Inc., its
subsidiary Monotype Typography Ltd., and Monotype's suppliers (hereafter
collectively "Monotype").  As used herein, "Font Software" means coded and
encrypted Software that generates typeface or typographic designs or
ornaments when used with appropriate hardware and software. As used herein,
"Application Software" means Software that performs tasks other than or in
addition to the generation of typeface or typographic designs or ornaments.
As used herein, "Licensed Unit" means up to five (5) computers connected to
no more than one (1) printer with a hard drive.

Subject to the foregoing, Monotype grants you a non-exclusive license to use
the Software and  Documentation upon the following terms and conditions:

1. You may install and use Font Software in a Licensed Unit for the purpose
of reproducing typeface and typographic designs and ornaments. If the number
of computers or printers with which you want to use Font Software exceeds
those set forth in the definition of Licensed Unit above, then you must
notify Monotype or its authorized dealer and request an appropriate site
license covering all units in which Font Software will be used or stored and
for which an additional fee will be charged. You may make one back-up copy
of Font Software for archival purposes only, and you shall retain exclusive
custody and control over such copy. The license granted herein is effective
until terminated. Monotype has the right to terminate your license
immediately if you fail to comply with any term of this Agreement. Upon
termination, you must destroy the original and any and all copies of the
Software and Documentation.

2. Provided the Font Software is configured for network use, you may install
and use the Font Software on a single file server for use on a single local
area network ("LAN") for either (but not both) of the following purposes:
(i) permanent installation onto a hard disk or other storage device of a
Licensed Unit for use only by the computers and single printer which are
part of such Licensed Unit; or (ii) use of the Font Software over such LAN,
provided that the number of computers on which the Font Software is used
does not exceed the number of computers in a Licensed Unit or, if such
number of computers is exceed, a site license is obtained for the proper
number of licensed computers. For the purpose of determining the proper
number of computers for which a license is needed, the following example is
supplied for illustration purposes only: If there are 100 computers
connected to the server, with no more than 15 computers ever using the Font
Software concurrently, but the Font Software will be used on 25 different
computers at various points in time, you must acquire a site license for 25
computers.

3. You may install and use Application Software in a single computer. If you
wish to use Application Software on more than one computer at a single
geographic location, you must notify Monotype or its authorized dealer and
request an appropriate site license covering all units in which the
Application Software will be used or stored and for which an additional fee
will be charged.

4. If the Software licensed hereunder is Font Software, you may take a
digitized copy of the Font Software used for a particular document to a
commercial printer or service bureau for use by the printer or service in
printing such document but only if the printer or service bureau
specifically represents to you that it has purchased or been granted a
license to use that particular Font Software. You may embed Font Software
into a document for the sole purpose of printing or viewing such document,
and not for editing or altering such document. If you intend to edit or
alter a document with embedded Font Software, you must request and receive
from Monotype or its authorized dealer a Multi-User license agreement for
which an additional fee will be charged.

5. You agree that the Software and the Documentation, and all copies
thereof, are owned by Monotype and its structure, organization, and code are
valuable property of Monotype and/or its suppliers. You acknowledge that the
Software and the Documentation is protected by the United States Copyright
Law, by the copyright and design laws of other nations, and by international
treaties. You agree to treat the Software and Documentation as you would any
other copyrighted material, such as a book. You may not copy the Software or
the Documentation, except as expressly provided herein. Any copies that you
are permitted to make pursuant to this Agreement must contain the same
copyright, trademark, and other proprietary notices that appear on or in the
Software or Documentation. You agree not to modify, adapt, translate,
reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble, alter, or otherwise attempt to
discover the source code of the Software, provided, however, that if you are
located in a European Community member country, you may reverse engineer or
decompile the Software only to the extent that sufficient information is not
available for the purpose of creating an interoperable software program (but
only for such purpose and to the extent that sufficient information is not
provided by Monotype upon written request). You agree to use trademarks
associated with the Software according to accepted trademark practice,
including identification of the trademark owner's name. Trademarks can only
be used to identify printed output produced by the Software. The use of any
trademark as herein authorized does not give you any rights of ownership in
that trademark and all use of any trademark shall inure to the sole benefit
of the trademark owner. This Agreement does not grant you any rights in or
to intellectual property rights in the Software, the Documentation, and any
associated trademarks. You do have the right to modify and alter Font
Software for your customary personal and business use, but not for resale or
further distribution.

6. You may not rent, lease, sublicense, give, lend, or further distribute
the Software or Documentation, or any copy thereof, except as expressly
provided herein. You may transfer all your rights to use the Software and
Documentation to another person or legal entity provided that (i) the
transferee accepts and agrees to be bound by all the terms and conditions of
this Agreement, and (ii) you destroy all copies of the Software and
Documentation, including all copies stored in the memory of a hardware
device. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, you agree that you
will not distribute or disseminate all or any part of the Software through
any on-line service and you further agree that any such intentional
distribution shall constitute a theft by you of a valuable property of
Monotype and/or its suppliers.

7. Monotype warrants to you that the Software will perform substantially in
accordance with the Documentation for the ninety (90) day period following
your receipt of the Software. To make a warranty claim, you must return the
Software to the location from which you obtained it along with a copy of
your sales receipt within such ninety (90) day period. If the Software does
not perform substantially in accordance with the Documentation, the entire
and exclusive liability and remedy shall be limited to either, at Monotype's
option, the replacement of the Software or the refund of the license fee you
paid for the Software. MONOTYPE AND ITS AUTHORIZED DEALERS DO NOT AND CANNOT
WARRANT THE PERFORMANCE OR RESULTS YOU MAY OBTAIN BY USING THE SOFTWARE OR
DOCUMENTATION. THE FOREGOING STATES THE SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDIES FOR
MONOTYPE'S OR ITS SUPPLIERS' BREACH OF WARRANTY. EXCEPT FOR THE FOREGOING
LIMITED WARRANTY, MONOTYPE, ITS AUTHORIZED DEALERS, AND ITS SUPPLIERS MAKE
NO WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY
RIGHTS, MERCHANTABILITY, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE. IN NO EVENT
WILL MONOTYPE, ITS AUTHORIZED DEALERS, OR ITS SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR
ANY CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL OR SPECIAL DAMAGES, INCLUDING ANY LOST
PROFITS, LOST DATA OR LOST SAVINGS, EVEN IF A MONOTYPE REPRESENTATIVE OR AN
AUTHORIZED DEALER OR SUPPLIER HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
DAMAGES, OR FOR ANY CLAIM AGAINST YOU BY ANY THIRD PARTY.

Some states or jurisdictions do not allow the exclusions of limitations of
incidental, consequential or special damages, so the above exclusion may not
apply to you. Also, some states or jurisdictions do not allow the exclusions
of implied warranties or limitations on how long an implied warranty may
last, so the above limitations may not apply to you. To the extent permitted
by law, any implied warranties are limited to ninety (90) days. Some
jurisdictions do not permit a limitation of implied warranties where the
product results in injury or death so that such limitations may not apply to
you. In those jurisdictions, you agree that Monotype's or its authorized
dealers or suppliers' liability for such injury or death shall not exceed
One Hundred Thousand Pounds (U.K. £100,000), provided that such
jurisdictions permit a limitation of such liability. This warranty gives you
specific legal rights. You may have other rights that vary from state to
state or jurisdiction to jurisdiction. For further warranty information,
please contact the Authorized Dealer from which you received the Software
and Documentation.

8. You agree that this Agreement will be governed by the laws of the State
of Illinois, United States of America, applicable to contracts wholly
performable within such state. Any dispute arising under this Agreement
shall be resolved by arbitration in Chicago, Illinois, U.S.A. under the then
current rules of the American Arbitration Association. Any prevailing party
in an arbitration proceeding shall be entitled to an award of reasonable
attorneys fees and costs, including expert witness fees. This Agreement will
not be governed by the United Nations Convention of Contracts for the
International Sale of Goods, the application of which is expressly excluded.
If any part of this Agreement is found void and unenforceable, it will not
affect the validity of the balance of the Agreement, which shall remain
valid and enforceable according to its terms. You agree that the Software
will not be shipped, transferred or exported into any country or used in any
manner prohibited by the United States Export Administration Act or any
applicable export laws, restrictions or regulations. This Agreement shall
automatically terminate upon failure by you to comply with its terms. This
Agreement may only be modified in writing signed by an authorized officer of
Monotype or an authorized dealer. Unpublished-rights reserved under the
copyright laws of the United States and other jurisdictions. If this
Agreement sublicenses to you the right to use Font Software in the
PostScript format, then upon any termination of the license agreement
between Monotype and Adobe Systems Incorporated (hereafter "Adobe"),
Monotype's rights and obligations under this Agreement shall automatically
be assigned to Adobe. All rights reserved. Notwithstanding the foregoing, to
the extent that any law, statute, treaty, or governmental regulation shall
be deemed by a court to provide you with any additional or different rights
from those provided herein and such rights shall be deemed non-waiveable as
a matter of law and to supersede the rights specifically provided herein,
then such law, statute, treaty, or governmental regulation shall be deemed
to be made a part of this Agreement. To the extent that any such rights
created by any law, statute, treaty or governmental regulation are
waiveable, you agree that your acceptance of this agreement shall constitute
an irrevocable waiver of such rights. This End User License Agreement may be
enforced by Monotype or by an authorized dealer acting on behalf of
Monotype.

8. If this product is acquired under the terms of a (i) GSA contract - use,
reproduction or disclosure is subject to the restrictions set forth in the
applicable ADP Schedule contract, (ii) Dod contract - use, duplication or
disclosure by the Government is subject to restrictions set forth in
subparagraph (c)(1)(ii) of 252.277-7013; (iii) Civilian agency contract -
use, reproduction, or disclosure is subject to 52.277-19(a) through (d) and
restrictions set forth in the accompanying End User Agreement.

9. NOTICE TO GOVERNMENT END-USERS. Use, duplication or disclosure by the
Government is subject to restrictions set forth in Technical Data and
Computer Software clause at FAR 252.227-7013, subdivision (b)(3)(ii) or
subparagraph (c)(1)(ii), as appropriate. Further use, duplication or
disclosure is subject to restrictions applicable to restricted rights
software as set forth in FAR 252.227-19(c)(2).

10. You may not use an Encapsulated PostScript® File or other graphic file
format image in a manner where the image becomes the primary aspect of a
product for resale, i.e., if an image was used on the product to sell the
product.

"Monotype" is a trademark of Monotype Typography Ltd. registered in the U.K.
and the  U.S. Patent and Trademark Office and elsewhere. "PostScript" is a
trademark of Adobe Systems Incorporated registered in certain jurisdictions.
"Macintosh" is a registered trademark of Apple Computer, Inc. "Windows" is a
trademark of Microsoft Corporation. All other trademarks are the property of
their respective owners.

97.3 MTI End-User License

